[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
A SPACE ODDITY
This is it! It's the end of the world.
What's wrong? They run out of
spaghetti and meatballs in the lunchroom?
Almost as bad!
I just ran into Jim and Delmas. They're
making a surprise inspection of the dorm!
But… Didn't they make one
a few weeks ago?
Yeah, but this time they're looking
for appliances that could be fire hazards.
-[Ulrich groans]
-[Jeremy] So what?
There's nothing dangerous here.
No appliances,
not even an electric kettle.
I know, but the problem
is what do I do with Kiwi?
[Aelita] Do we have enough time
to take him to the factory before math?
In ten minutes?
Anyway, I wouldn't want to leave him
alone in that cold factory.
He hasn't been himself lately.
It's all over.
He's going to end up
at the pound, or worse,
in some travelling circus strapped
to a rocket and shot out of a cannon!
Unless…
[pleading voice] Yumi, you don't have
class for another hour? Could you…
[moans]
Don't even think about it!
Yumi, please. You're his only hope.
The answer is no!
[Jim] Good old surprise inspections!
I love them.
They make even the cloudiest days sunny.
Look at what we've already dug up…
An electric coffee maker,
an immersion heater,
and a 12 person fondue set.
It's like being a pioneer explorer.
Let's see what we can
come up with in Sissi's room.
Although, I doubt if she would be
hiding anything suspicious.
I mean, being your daughter,
and everything.
But, let's look behind this door,
just in case. You never know…
A hair dryer on the blink,
a forgotten pack of matches,
a curling iron invented
by some crackpot scientist.
[gasps]
[groans]
[titters]
I would never have guessed!
For a stern school principal,
you're a million laughs!
[groans]
Please, take pity on
a poor defenseless puppy.
-[Yumi] Odd!
-[Odd] You will?
[Yumi] You know if there's
one thing my father can't stand,
it's pets that shed their hair
all over the house,
chew up furniture, do their business…
Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty,
pretty, pretty please…
Okay, Odd, you win this time!
Thank you, Yumi!
Nothing can stop me from kissing you!
Well, I can!
[doors creak]
[Yumi] Okay, Kiwi, get in. We're off.
Well…
Ishiyama, Della Robbia, Stern, Belpois,
and Stones…
All together in the same dorm.
They sure don't look like they're in
a big hurry to get to class, do they?
[Yumi] Well, I'd better be going.
[theme music]
[Odd] Don't just give him any old thing
to eat. Only steamed, organic vegetables.
And no potato chips. He can't digest them.
And no mustard whatever you do.
By the way, he hates household appliances,
like vacuum cleaners.
The noise drives him nuts.
Okay, the coast is clear.
-[Kiwi barks]
-[shushes]
If my dumb brother hears you,
he's bound to say something like,
"what's that ugly mutt doing here?"
[barking]
Hey, what's that ugly mutt doing here?
It's Kiwi, Odd's dog.
Hiroki, promise you won't say anything.
[Kiwi panting]
Okay, but, promise
you'll do my homework for a year.
-A day!
-A week!
-Three days.
-A deal!
You're such a little crook, but I don't
have a choice. I have to go to school.
Look after Kiwi until I get back. Okay?
[groans]
And don't give him any steamed vegetables.
It seems he only eats chips and mustard.
Got that?
[door closes]
Don't worry about a thing… Litchi.
I'll take good care of you.
[bell ringing]
[children shouting and chattering]
[Odd] There you are, Yumi!
-[Odd] Well?
-No sweat, Hiroki's watching him.
Hiroki? Are you nuts?
Did you forget what happened
to poor Jean-Pierre?
Your Tamagotchi?
Sad… We're still in mourning.
[laughter]
-[Odd] I don't see what's so funny.
-[beeping]
[Ulrich] What are you doing now?
[phone ringing]
Sorry, we've already got an encyclopedia.
Wait a second, don't hang up, Hiroki.
This is Odd.
Don't worry. Everything is cool.
-Your dog is in good hands. See you!
-[rattling]
[munching and barking]
Yeah, I know what you want.
You want some more of these. Okay.
But I've got a surprise for you this time.
These are chips with mustard!
[barking]
Nice to know you trust me, Odd.
But you don't understand…
Kiwi happens to be a very sensitive dog.
Guess what, everybody!
The Supercomputer has just picked up
a new Replika on the network.
Rats! Now I've got to come up with
a new excuse
to get out of Chardin's class again.
You won't be missing much,
except maybe a little nap.
I've got to stop by the library,
but I won't be long.
Well, you all know where to meet up.
[birds squawking]
I don't have to remind you that
the more Replikas we destroy,
the more we weaken XANA.
[upbeat music]
Of course you don't, Einstein.
And you don't have to remind us that
if we can find the new Supercomputer,
we might be able to figure
out what XANA's plotting.
You'd get straight A's if you were
as good as that in school!
-[keys clicking]
-Okay, get ready, guys! Transfer Aelita.
Transfer Yumi.
Transfer Ulrich.
-[swooshing]
-[Jeremy] Scanner Aelita.
[Jeremy] Scanner Yumi.
Scanner Ulrich.
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[whooshing]
[scanning]
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
-[Jeremy] Everybody okay?
-I'm good.
As for Kiwi, I'm not so sure.
Chill out, Odd.
He couldn't be in better hands.
[slurping and munching]
[bang]
[whimpering]
[scratching]
[Ulrich] Jeremy, we're in the Skid garage.
[Jeremy] Great!
Get on your teleport spots.
Okay, here we go.
[swooshing]
[crackling]
[Jeremy] Prepare for lift off.
Release docking mechanism.
[zooming]
[swooshing]
[Jeremy] Immediate opening of tunnel.
[zooming]
[Aelita] Ready to dive.
[swooshing]
[blasting]
[Jeremy] Holoweb system online.
Aelita, I'm entering the coordinates
of the new Replika.
[Aelita] Roger.
[Aelita] Rotation.
[whooshing]
[Aelita] Powering turbo prop
and auxiliary generators.
[blasting]
[computer game beeping]
[Kiwi barking]
A little patience, Litchi! I'll play
with you soon as I finish this game.
[theme music]
What do you think it's going to be
this time around?
[Jeremy] I have no idea.
-It might be a Replika of the Ice Sector.
-[Ulrich] My guess is mountains.
[Jeremy] What do you think, Odd?
[Odd] I think
I should've fed him more tofu kibbles.
[Jeremy] Stay focused, Odd.
[Kiwi panting]
Poor Litchi, those chips
didn't agree with you.
-[barks]
-[groans]
-Hey, what do you say we play ball?
-[barks]
-[Aelita] Replika in sight, Jeremy.
-[Jeremy] Okay, Aelita.
I'll unlock the portal
as soon as you're connected.
[water flowing]
-[scanning]
-Digital code entered.
[whirring]
Just give me a minute or two, and
we'll see what this Replika looks like.
[scanning and beeping]
[Jeremy] Okay Aelita,
I'm sending you the entry portal code.
[mechanical grating and squeaking]
[blasting]
[Aelita] What do you know?
We were all wrong.
Welcome to a Replika of Sector Five.
I just spotted a tower in the core zone
that can be reached from the North Pole.
I'll guide you in
so that you can get to it.
[Aelita] Got you, Jeremy.
You're in the driver's seat.
[zooming]
[Aelita] Nice piece of work. We're in a
room exactly like the ones in Sector Five.
Tower dead ahead.
I'll take over from here.
[Jeremy] Okay Aelita, do your stuff!
-[Aelita] Skid docked.
-[blasting]
Perfect. Yumi and Odd, do you want
to volunteer for teleportation?
Aye aye, Captain Einstein.
Would you give the bad jokes a rest,
Private?
-Ulrich and Aelita, you two--
-[Ulrich] We stay here and guard the Skid.
You guessed it. I'm activating
the tower for our own use.
[swooshing]
Ready for teleportation?
Just say the word.
-[Jeremy] Teleportation!
-[clicking]
[crackling]
Odd, Yumi, do you read me?
Odd, Yumi?
-[Yumi] We read you loud and clear Jeremy.
-That's great.
Well, which continent did you
land on this time?
-[Odd] None of them.
-What? You mean you're in the ocean?
Oh for two… But we are floating.
[Jeremy] Outer space!
You guys are in outer space?
[Odd] That's more like it, Einstein.
I knew you'd figure it out
sooner or later.
Amazing!
-Hey, look at this, Odd.
-[gasps]
-[Odd] It's unbelievable!
-[Yumi] It is.
It's beautiful, and yet, it seems
so fragile.
He gets sick even though I only
feed him good healthy food.
I'm beginning to think there's something
seriously wrong with him.
Odd, you're looking at the most beautiful
sight you're ever going to see,
and all you can think about are
your stupid cans of dog food!
Kibbles! I never give
Kiwi canned dog food.
-[clicking]
-According to your coordinates,
it looks like you guys are on
the brand new international space station,
Four hundred kilometers above the Earth.
[Odd] This is great! We can meet
some astronauts and get their autographs.
I wouldn't bet on that.
The station is uninhabited right now.
A new team is coming in about ten days.
Good. That'll give us time to find
the Supercomputer and destroy it.
[Jeremy] Be on your guard all the same.
We can never be sure
what XANA has up his sleeve.
Up, up and away!
[Yumi laughing]
[theme music]
-[Kiwi panting]
-[Hiroki] Okay!
Ready?
Fetch, go on!
Good dog! You did it again!
[Yumi gasps]
Jeremy, there's a line
of little metallic spheres here,
like mini Megatanks.
You think XANA's manufacturing
those things?
I have no idea.
Anyway, they look harmless enough.
Maybe XANA's taken up bocce ball.
[Jeremy] It could be nothing,
or something major.
They're definitely not made
to serve mankind.
Forget about them,
and find that Supercomputer.
No Odd, don't touch them! You never know.
-Come on!
-[Odd groans]
-[barking]
-That's enough. Lie down!
I said lie down! If not, I'll lock you
in my sister's room!
-[car door bangs]
-[groans]
[groans]
Oh no!
[Mr. Ishiyama] Now, what did I do
with my keys?
-They're in your attaché case.
-Why, of course. Where is my head?
Maybe you left it with your keys.
Stay here!
-[barking]
-Don't move, and don't make a sound.
Here they are!
No!
[rustling]
[Mr. Ishiyama] Look at this mess!
What's the meaning of this, Hiroki?
Don't get stressed out!
I'll have all cleaned up in no time!
[groans]
[theme music]
It's weird. Usually, XANA would've
launched an attack by now.
That'd be the first time that he--
-[whirring]
-[gasps]
[blasts and cracks]
Jeremy, we've got a really huge problem.
I see it. XANA's doing all he can
to wipe out the Skid.
[Ulrich] If you have a solution,
I'm all for it.
If the Replika is an exact
copy of Sector Five,
then it should function exactly
like it did on Lyoko.
[clicking]
I've got it!
Just like before on Lyoko, you have
to activate a key to stop the mechanism.
Do I have a volunteer to take care of it?
Okay Jeremy, I'm the fastest,
so I'd better go.
[Jeremy] The key is directly across
from where you're standing right now.
Right. I'm off!
Super sprint!
[groans]
Jeremy, I think we just found
the Supercomputer.
Perfect timing, because XANA's
trying to wipe out the Skid.
Better take out the Supercomputer now.
Be careful, though,
to make it look like an accident.
This space station is too well known.
We don't want any rumors about sabotage.
[Yumi] An accident? How do we do that?
I hope your brother remembered
to give Kiwi enough to drink.
We're facing disaster,
and all you can think about is your dog?
-Water, yeah, that's a good idea.
-Huh?
[Odd] We'll create some water damage.
There has to be water flowing through
one of these things.
Nice going, Odd.
[gasps]
Don't thank me. Thank Kiwi!
[computer buzzing]
[sinister music]
[swooshing]
[panting]
[groans]
Don't expect me
to bow down to you, XANA!
[Jeremy] Well done, Ulrich.
[Yumi] Odd, over here!
There's water in this pipe.
The water flows through there.
[both gasp]
-Watch out!
-What did you kick me for?
-[banging]
-Oh… Thanks, Yumi!
We're out of here!
[swooshing]
-[both scream]
-[Yumi] Odd, give me a hand!
[metal grating]
[banging]
-[vacuum suction]
-[barking]
That's strange. It sounds like a dog.
[groans]
[clicking]
[vacuum gets louder]
[howling]
-[vacuum stops]
-[howling continues]
[groans]
-[groans]
-[door squeaks]
-[barking]
[Mr. Ishiyama] Huh?
Hey, Hiroki!
[Jeremy] Make your next left, Ulrich.
[groans]
[lasers blasting]
[Aelita] Jeremy, I transferred
all of the energy into the shields.
[Jeremy] Let's hope they hold up.
[Aelita] They seem to be okay for now.
[Ulrich] Aelita, William just showed up!
[menacing music]
[swishing]
[blasting]
Doesn't he ever give up?
-[clicking]
-Here we go!
[Aelita] Energy field!
[blasting]
I can't believe it! That was so dumb!
[groans]
[Odd] XANA's really having a ball…
And lots of them.
Stop the joking, Odd. Those things
could reverse the teleportation.
If we fail this mission, XANA wins.
[firing and cracking]
[computer beeping]
The Skid just lost one shield layer.
Ulrich, Aelita!
-[whooshing]
-I'm doing all I can, Jeremy.
Energy field.
-[grunts]
-[thuds]
[action music]
What now?
[gasps]
It feels pretty stuffy in here.
Let's air the place out.
-Odd, you can't do that!
-What?
If I don't do that,
we're going to be bowling pins!
-[Yumi grunts]
-[Odd] Hang on tight!
-[alarm beeping]
-[Yumi and Odd screaming]
[rattling and rumbling]
[screaming]
[whirring]
[Odd straining]
[banging]
That's better. Smells less like
an astronaut's dirty socks in here now.
-[monster roars]
-[lasers blasting]
It's time you stopped
drooling over me, pal.
[explosion]
Super sprint!
[Jeremy] Not much further, Ulrich.
[scanning]
[groans]
-[groans]
-[thuds]
[Jeremy] The key's on the other side.
Better hurry!
Thanks a lot, Jeremy. I can see it.
Well, when you've got to go…
you've got to go!
Super sprint!
[roars]
[groaning]
[groans]
[straining]
[buzzing and crashing]
[whooshing]
Well, that's what I call
being really "pressed" for time!
I hope they've got insurance!
[banging]
[water gurgling]
-[Yumi and Odd gasp]
-[water gurgling]
[splashing]
[Yumi laughs]
-It's working, Einstein.
-[Jeremy] Yeah, it's going to blow.
I'll bring you both in.
De-energize Odd.
De-energize Yumi.
[exploding]
[sizzling]
No!
[gasps]
[Yumi] Leave our friend alone, you hear?
[swishing]
[lasers blasting]
[fans whooshing]
I don't want to be a pain,
but if I were you, I'd get out of there…
And fast!
[crackling]
Okay. Everyone's on board. Here we go.
[swooshing]
[blasting]
[exploding]
[Jeremy] That's one less Replika.
[groans]
Mission accomplished.
[theme music]
[Yumi] Rats! My parents are home!
Yeah? And?
Well, let's say that I wouldn't like
to be Kiwi right now.
-[Mr. Ishiyama laughing]
-[Yumi groans]
Nice little doggie. You love playing
with your uncle Takeho, don't you?
-[Mr. Ishiyama laughing]
-[Yumi clears throat]
-[Kiwi panting]
-[gasps]
Back already?
[Odd] Yes, Mr. Ishiyama,
I don't want my dog
to be a bother to you, so I'd…
I'd like to take him home.
Really? Well, if you like I could
take care of him for… A week or so.
Thank you Sir, but I missed him.
[moans with pleasure]
I can understand that.
[Mrs. Ishiyama] Just a minute, Odd.
Here, take some sushi.
Thank you, ma'am,
but I'm not crazy about raw fish.
But it's not for you, it's for Litchi.
He loves it, especially
when it's got lots of mustard on it.
[exhales]
[theme music]